OK, cool.
So for this shot right here, I feel like we can do a little extra something to make this a little bit
more dynamic.
And this is a perfect opportunity to start talking about nesting your clips.
Now, what nesting does is it basically puts your clip inside of another clip and kind of creates a
master clip on top of that.
So it's like if you have Tupperware and you have a smaller Tupperware and you put that all the contents
of that Tupperware into a bigger Tupperware, and then you close the top of that where you now have
a new outside layer that you can work with, it's kind of a fresh start.
So if we take a look at this clip, you can see what we did earlier, which was create some key frames
for the time, remapping and speed changes that we did.
Now, if I were to, let's say, make a cut right here, you see what that just did, how it changed
our speed that we did on this clip, because we're messing with like the Tupperware container of this
specific clip.
So when we nest something, let's go ahead and right click the clip and click next.
It's just going to ask you if you want to rename it.
I don't ever personally do that because the name of the clip doesn't really matter.
It's where the clip is in the timeline that matters.
So I'm going to hit.
OK.
Now, you can see that we have the same video clip.
It plays the same exact way.
But we can now do whatever we want to it without affecting what we had previously created key frames
for.
So we'll get even more into nesting and why you do it and when you do it.
But for this example, I did it because I wanted to change and alter this clip without changing and
altering what we had already created on it.
So we nested it to protect those changes and allow us to update the clip even more.
So what that update is going to be is I want to do a quick zoom on the beat to kind of spice up what's
going on here.
So we have our time remapping and right here on that snare, I'm going to make a cut.
And then on this other snare, I'm going to make another cut and I'm going to take this cut that we
just made.
Now we have three clips.
We started with one.
Now we have three.
So we can individually change whatever we want to.
These three on the scale this up to one ten.
I'm going to scooted over a little bit so that we're not losing the camera too much, because as you
can see, if I scale it up, the camera goes even more at frame.
So I scaled it up to 110 and then I'm going to scoot over the position to keep the edge of the camera
in frame.
OK.
And I'm going to go to this third clip that we have, and I'm going to try scaling this up to 120.
And I'm going to scoot it over, kind of scoot it down, too, so that we're not losing any of this.
And let's see what that looks like.
So, as you can see, it makes it a little bit of a cooler music video style for this specific sequence.
Now to add a little bit more sauce to this final shot, as you can see, again, we have this time remapping
that we had done.
I'm going to do the same technique of nesting so that we can update and add even more changes without
it being affected by this time remapping frames.
So I'm going to right click the clip hit nest hit.
OK, and then we now have the same shot, but with a fresh, clean slate to work with.
And I'm going to create a scale keyframe at the beginning.
Create one at the end.
Go to that beginning shot and let's scale this way up and let's see what this looks like.
OK.
OK, that's interesting, that's a little bit too much for my personal taste.
Let's try one twenty
now instead of zooming out, we're going to zoom in.
It looks kind of cool to.
OK, I'm really liking that, so let's get a comparison.
I'm going to hold alt click and drag this clip up so that we have two options to look at.
And I'm going to right click and I'm going to remove the attributes that we just added.
OK.
This is a great way to get rid of key frames that you've added.
Opacity changes, motion changes to the positioning, whatever it is.
You can individually click it in here, even volume changes as well.
So I'm going to click motion because we added a motion scaling keyframe.
I'm going to hit OK.
That's going to remove the key frames that we added on this duplicate clip.
And let's hit play.
So that shot looks good.
That's our original.
Now let's see are update.
Slight little different change in the scaling, and I really like that, that's just a little extra
something that makes the pixels of that image just look a little bit cooler.
And now that we have our picture locked and updated, the next lecture is going to be all about stylizing
and coloring our content.
So I will see you in the next lecture.